22225: Add links to accessibility guides section (#22240)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/aria_guides/index.md

  </ol>
</section>

> Accessible Rich Internet Applications (**ARIA**) defines ways to make the Web more accessible to people with disabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessible Rich Internet Applications (**ARIA**) define ways to make the web more accessible to people with disabilities.
```

> This page lists guides that can help improve accessibility, such as designing tables and forms, keyboard-navigation, testing, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page lists the guides that you can use to help improve the accessibility of web page features such as tables, forms, and keyboard-navigation.
```

> - [Designing accessible forms](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/forms/)
> - [WAI-ARIA basics](/en-US/docs/Learn/Accessibility/WAI-ARIA_basics)
> - [Keyboard-navigable JavaScript widgets](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/Keyboard-navigable_JavaScript_widgets)
> - [Using ARIA for labels with embedded fields inside them](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/forms/Multipart_labels)
> - [Managing Focus in Composite Widgets](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/practices/keyboard-interface/) (`aria-activedescendant` vs roving tabindex)
> - [How to test ARIA](https://www.w3.org/WAI/test-evaluate/)
> - [Displaying accessible tables](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/tables/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Designing accessible forms](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/forms/)
- [Understanding WAI-ARIA basics](/en-US/docs/Learn/Accessibility/WAI-ARIA_basics)
- [Creating keyboard-navigable JavaScript widgets](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/Keyboard-navigable_JavaScript_widgets)
- [Using ARIA for labels with embedded fields inside them](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/forms/Multipart_labels)
- [Managing focus in composite widgets](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/practices/keyboard-interface/) (`aria-activedescendant` vs roving tabindex)
- [Testing ARIA](https://www.w3.org/WAI/test-evaluate/)
- [Displaying accessible tables](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/tables/)
```
With the suggested changes above, the list will be parallel in sentence construction and case but will not match the titles on the linked pages. You can take a call whether to accept or reject these suggestions.

Author: This is good, tnx 👍🏻

## See also

> The following references are helpful for common accessibility use case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following references are helpful for common accessibility use cases:
```

- [Labeling widgets](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label)

> - [Landmark Roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/landmark_role)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Landmark roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/landmark_role)
```
